Documentation for `asoctl clean crds` (#2873)
Azure/azure-service-operator: docs/hugo/content/tools/asoctl.md

## Clean CRDs

This command can be used to prepare ASOv2 `v1alpha1api`(deprecated in v2.0.0) CustomResources and CustomResourceDefinitions for ASO `v2.0.0` release. 

> It ensures that any ASOv2 `v1alpha1api` deprecated version resources that may have been stored in etcd get migrated to `v1beta` version before upgrading ASO to `v2.0.0`. 

Author: Have mentioned something like that below with the error log. Do you think we should put something similar here at the top?

## Clean CRDs

This command can be used to prepare ASOv2 `v1alpha1api`(deprecated in v2.0.0) CustomResources and CustomResourceDefinitions for ASO `v2.0.0` release. 
It ensures that any ASOv2 `v1alpha1api` deprecated version resources that may have been stored in etcd get migrated to `v1beta` version before upgrading ASO to `v2.0.0`. 

```bash
$ asoctl clean crds --help
Clean deprecated CRD versions from cluster

Usage:
  asoctl clean crds [flags]

Flags:
      --dry-run   
  -h, --help      help for clean

Global Flags:
      --verbose   Enable verbose logging
```

`--dry-run` flag outputs about CRDs and CRs to be updated and **does not** modify any CRD and CRs.

### Steps for migration using `asoctl clean crds`:

> - Ensure the current ASOv2 version is `beta.5`
> - Run `asoctl clean crds`
> - Upgrade ASOv2 to `2.0.0`

Reviewer: Readers may not understand that you're showing a command line.

```suggestion
**Prerequisite:** Ensure the current ASO v2 version in your cluster is `beta.5`.

Run the migration tool:
``` bash
$ asoctl clean crds
```

Once that's successfully run, you can upgrade ASO to `v2.0.0`
```

Maybe include some sample output for the command?

Author: Done!

> Using `asoctl clean crds` is an important step if `v1alpha1api` resources are present in the cluster. If not used correctly, operator pod would output log like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `asoctl clean crds` is an important step if `v1alpha1api` resources have ever been present in the cluster. If not used correctly, operator pod will produce log error messages:
```
